# Hello_Aakash

I've been trying to email you but I guess it's not going through. Here's my original email. Feel free to reply at magicshadow818 at gmail. I see on your github activity chart that you make daily commits on github. I'm hoping this is a better way to reach out :).

Hello Aakash
      I hope you are doing well. It’s been a hot minute since we connected. Last we were talking, Covid just broke out and the world turned to zoom. Back in undergrad, I was a tutor for ECS 132 when you taught the course. I still remember conducting office hours the first time on Zoom from my bedroom in West Village. I’ve been working for a few years now and it’s been amazing. I’ve grown so much as a computer scientist, exposed to the real world and its problems. In my short time, I’ve worked on tools to assist with reviewing test results to revive an old product and a robot! (See the video). At this point, this is an ideal opportunity to pursue a master's in computer science. I’m ready to return to academia with a fresh perspective. The goal is to attend a 100% online program, specializing in computing systems, while continuing to work full time (otherwise I’d go back to UC Davis).I’m reaching out because I would greatly appreciate it if you could please help write a letter of recommendation for me. I would appreciate if you could write a letter of recommendation because we had a unique relationship. Unlike a traditional professor/student or supervisor/employee, I was a tutor when you taught. I trust you will be able to recall some of the reasons you chose me. I'm hoping it will provide a unique perspective on me as an applicant as few people were able to do something like that.
      I did some online research and I see you’ve been just as busy! You had an internship at Intel (I think my wife was interning at the same time. She was working in Solidigm mid transition) How was Flexport? Actually, I see you recently changed companies. Congratulations on the new role! How’s the bay area? I’m in Santa Rosa, which is just an hour north of San Francisco. 
      Thank you very much for considering this. If you don’t feel comfortable doing this, please feel free to let me know. If you want to discuss more details, I would be more than happy to video call. Or we can always meet in person! I’d be more than happy to meet somewhere in San Francisco or anywhere in the bay area really. My wife and I love going down to San Jose so we traverse the whole bay.

Thank you very much,
Eric Harrison
